Insights. Original thinking. Creative minds. Man Group’s Insights.
Man Institute
Stay ahead of the curve with market snapshots and in-depth research.
MARKET VIEWS READ 4 MIN
JULY 7, 2026
Views from the Floor
Could 'Super El Niño' Scorch AI Too?
Markets may chronically underprice climate volatility as a systematic risk.
MARKET VIEWS READ 4 MIN
JULY 1, 2026
Views from the Floor
The Hard Questions for AI Bonds Investors
Investors looked to SpaceX for signals on the AI bond wave, but what they found probably raises more questions.
PODCASTS READ & LISTEN 42 MIN
JULY 1, 2026
A Sustainable Future
Cecilia Tam on the IEA's 2026 World Energy Investment Report
Cecilia Tam, IEA Head of Energy Investment Unit, explains why energy security has become one of the most powerful drivers of the clean energy transition.
IN FOCUS READ 11 MIN
JUNE 25, 2026
A Trend Following Deep Dive: Cash (Equities) Is King
There is more to equity trend following than index futures.
MARKET VIEWS READ 4 MIN
JUNE 23, 2026
Views from the Floor
The Strait of Uncertainty
The absence of a roadmap to a full peace deal means investors may need to prepare for more volatility and inflation spikes for the rest of the year. Also, what will markets make of prospective UK Prime Minister Andy Burnham?
ACADEMIC RESEARCH READ 12 MIN
JUNE 23, 2026
Catching Angels Before They Fall
Can machine learning potentially advance credit rating transition forecasting for insurance portfolio optimisation?
VIEW ALL
Man Technology Articles
From quantum computing and data science to innovations in database management and trade execution, technology powers everything we do.
Subscribe to Tech Articles now
Faster Python 3.14: faster compression and fixing 28-year-old bugs
May 8, 2026
Python 3.14 swaps the ageing zlib library for zlib-ng, bringing 2–3x faster compression and 2x faster decompression. A 28-year-old bug in Python's default gzip level was also fixed along the way.
,
Improving Python: How we made pip install twice as fast
July 15, 2025
This article shares our journey to optimise pip, proving that even well-established tools like pip and the Python interpreter have room for improvement.
TL;DR: Use pip 24.2 or newer – it’s twice as fast!
,
Inside Man Technology: Insights from Our Summer Interns
October 18, 2024
Hear first-hand from our summer interns what it's like to work at Man Technology, highlighting the projects, learning, and opportunities they embraced.
,
Leveraging Aeron Open-Source Technology to Improve Latency of FX Execution System
April 30, 2024
FX trading is fast-paced and complex, requiring low-latency trading systems to compete with the best.
,
MORE
